last one dude you gotta get this this is
it hey how's it going guys this is Dave
2d and I just got back from CES 2017
now I don't go to this event with the
intention of making like a particular
type of video I just kind of go in if I
see something cool I make a video last
year at the beginning of 2016
skylake H processors are coming out and
in the middle of last year that GTX 10
series for laptops came out and those
things just blew the laptop industry
wide open they basically provided the
graphics powers to make your laptop into
a desktop replacement it was that
awesome so that kind of big step up in
performance you're not going to get that
from the processor upgrades that we're
getting right now that we saw at CES so
we're getting the kb lake h processor so
the quad core kb like processors the big
graphics cards improvements are the new
GT x 1050 and the gtx 1050 TI now but
was able to play with both of them I was
kind of disappointed because my
expectations were unrealistically high I
was so blown away by the 1062 the 1070
1080 cards those things are just amazing
I kind of thought that 1050 would be
also really cool it is it's just that
it's more tuned down so I would say that
the 1050 is about a 20% maybe 25%
improvement over the 960 m from what I
saw I had limited time working with it
the 1050 Ti we're looking at slightly
better performance than a 970 ever
actually in some cases equivalent to the
970 m but overall very cool cards I'm
excited to give you full reviews of
those shortly the two laptops that kind
of stuck out for me first the Dell
Inspiron $7,800 laptop gtx 1050 kb lake
cpu it's a very capable machine and the
pricing is really good i think it looks
better than last year's model and the
trackpad feels nicer than last year's
track that I wouldn't say it's a perfect
trackpad or anything but for $800 pretty
good value the other one is the Acer VX
15 it's also the same kind of idea $800
gaming laptop reasonably priced at good
performance now both of them have that
black and red thing going on which
love but overall the performance for the
money I'm very happy with now on that
note in general I think companies are
kind of cluing into the fact that we
don't love black and red gaming laptops
I mean maybe they sell in a particular
type of demographic that I'm not
familiar with or just maybe it's just my
personal distaste for black and red
gaming laptops but I mean this those are
just so played out look at this laptop
it's called the Samsung Odyssey they
probably spent a good chunk of money in
terms of R&D to develop this thing and
comes onto the market looking very dated
now again maybe this stuff sells really
well in Asia or something but for me
personally I'm just not a fan other cool
stuff that I saw I finally got to play
with the Acer 21 X predator we saw this
thing a few months ago at I forget some
convention but this thing is a beast
$9,000 20 pounds but I mean it's 20
pounds of just sheer awesomeness 120
Hertz g-sync panel mechanical keyboard
and I mean like a real mechanical
keyboard I think these are Cherry MX
browns great sound system and the whole
laptop is just completely over the top
now I tried to get a battery life
estimate from one of the reps there and
he wouldn't really give me one he kind
of danced around the topic but I think
if I play this thing with Mac's screen
brightness Macs gaming volume Mac's like
everything across the board with RGB
lighting going I think I could kill the
battery in like 20 minutes
it's kind of nuts it's not supposed to
be a super portable device but it's just
a very impressive product to begin with
$9,000 kind of makes it not really
affordable for most people but yeah it's
a pretty cool thing another thing I got
to play with was razor's super cool
working concept called project Valerie
it's based off the razor blade pro but
with three monitors now I got to be
honest when I first saw this thing and
press like before the event I thought it
was cool-looking but I didn't think it
would be very practical but after using
it in person it's really changed my
perception of usability and even
desirability I mean it's still not
something that I think everyone's going
to buy or should buy but the triple
monitor gaming thing is more immersive
than I thought it would be now I've
played with triple monitors on my
desktop before in the past and because
your screen is kind of a certain
distance away from your face you just I
mean the immersion is there on a desktop
as well but when you're playing on a
laptop your face is just naturally
closer to the screen and the immersion
is just that much
now in terms of getting applications and
programs running on this the razor media
suite didn't have them running so I
couldn't really test a premiere on this
thing but I legitimately want to try one
when they come out one other thing to
note I mean they don't work right now
but they're aiming for automatic
deployment like you press a button and
the screens will automatically come out
and get into position how cool is that
right another thing I saw was the Asus
water-cooled laptop it's not new but
let's step back for a second and
understand what is going on here this is
a water-cooled laptop they're pumping
water into this laptop and then cooling
it with a rad to maximise overclock
ability now in terms of just
practicality we're looking at a cell at
zero but in terms of like sheer coolness
it's over 9000 ok other cool stuff the
Dell 8k monitor it's super sharp
super-high resolution it's not the first
of its kind but it's the first one
that's kind of hit consumer grade it's
still very expensive five thousand
dollars and it needs a ridiculously
powerful card to run it you're looking
at a gtx 1070 maybe a 1080 to power
those pixels and you need to display
ports powered so if you have a Mac and
you try to set this up you're gonna have
to use two of your USB seaports to get
this thing going actually they might
have an adapter they can do I don't know
it needs a lot of power it needs a lot
of cables to make this thing run but
it's an 8k screen and it looks awesome
Dell also had something called the
canvas which is 27-inch monitor that's
touch enabled reminiscent of the
Microsoft Surface studio but they market
this thing as a secondary screen now
actually got to spend quite a bit of
time on this thing I don't know how
useful it is for my particular workflow
because they didn't have Premiere
installed I tried to get used to I
forget what video editing application
they had going on there I mean it's
entirely software dependent so I can't
really give this thing even like a rough
opinion I would need to try it on
premiere but the idea is really cool I
definitely want to check it out when I
can get one in the TVs were on point as
usual lots of super thin stuff with
great image quality there were a lot of
cars Volkswagen in particular had a
sweet electric concept with blue tires I
mean these blue tires have turned black
on the road in like five seconds but it
looked super cool in the show floor
hence their inclusion in this video one
last thing I have a couple items that
are still under NDA that are sitting one
of them is actually right off frame
there I can't do a review of them quite
yet because the NDA has to lift but when
it does and it will be
you'll be seeing a full review on a
couple cool things that I'm pretty sure
you guys will be interested in these are
things that I'm like the super amped
about personally that's the end of this
video hope you guys liked it thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it it's
been nice see you guys next time
[Music]